Document formatting patterns used in Time formatting (#17035)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/time/src/main/ballerina/src/time/Module.md

time:Time time4 = time:currentTime();
int diffInMillis = time3.time - time4.time;
```
## Patterns for formatting and parsing

> The below patterns can be used for `TimeFormat` when using the `format()` and `parse()` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below patterns can be used to generate the formatter string when using the `format()` and `parse()` functions.
```

Author: Fixed.

**Symbol**|**Meaning**|**Presentation**|**Examples**

> :-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:

Reviewer: Why do we need dashed lines here?

Author: Fixed.

y|year-of-era|year|2004; 04
D|day-of-year|number|189
M/L|month-of-year|number/text|7; 07; Jul; July; J
d|day-of-month|number|10
Q/q|quarter-of-year|number/text|3; 03; Q3; 3rd quarter
Y|week-based-year|year|1996; 96
w|week-of-week-based-year|number|27
W|week-of-month|number|4
E|day-of-week|text|Tue; Tuesday; T
e/c|localized day-of-week|number/text|2; 02; Tue; Tuesday; T
F|week-of-month|number|3  
a|cam-pm-of-day|text|PM
h|clock-hour-of-am-pm (1-12)|number|12
K|hour-of-am-pm (0-11)|number|0
k|clock-hour-of-am-pm (1-24)|number|0
H|hour-of-day (0-23)|number|0
m|minute-of-hour|number|30
s|second-of-minute|number|55
S|fraction-of-second|fraction|978
A|milli-of-day|number|1234
n|nano-of-second|number|987654321
N|nano-of-day|number|1234000000
V|ime-zone ID|zone-id|America/Los\_Angeles; Z; -08:30
z|time-zone name|zone-name|Pacific Standard Time; PST
O|localized zone-offset|offset-O|GMT+8; GMT+08:00; UTC-08:00;
X|zone-offset 'Z' for zero|offset-X|Z; -08; -0830; -08:30; -083015; -08:30:15;
x|zone-offset|offset-x|+0000; -08; -0830; -08:30; -083015; -08:30:15;
p|pad next|pad modifier|1
'|escape for text|delimiter|
''|single quote|literal|'
[|optional section start|
]|optional section end|

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line

Author: Fixed.

Y|week-based-year|year|1996; 96
w|week-of-week-based-year|number|27
W|week-of-month|number|4
E|day-of-week|text|Tue; Tuesday; T
e/c|localized day-of-week|number/text|2; 02; Tue; Tuesday; T
F|week-of-month|number|3  
a|cam-pm-of-day|text|PM
h|clock-hour-of-am-pm (1-12)|number|12
K|hour-of-am-pm (0-11)|number|0
k|clock-hour-of-am-pm (1-24)|number|0
H|hour-of-day (0-23)|number|0
m|minute-of-hour|number|30
s|second-of-minute|number|55
S|fraction-of-second|fraction|978
A|milli-of-day|number|1234
n|nano-of-second|number|987654321
N|nano-of-day|number|1234000000
V|ime-zone ID|zone-id|America/Los\_Angeles; Z; -08:30
z|time-zone name|zone-name|Pacific Standard Time; PST
O|localized zone-offset|offset-O|GMT+8; GMT+08:00; UTC-08:00;
X|zone-offset 'Z' for zero|offset-X|Z; -08; -0830; -08:30; -083015; -08:30:15;
x|zone-offset|offset-x|+0000; -08; -0830; -08:30; -083015; -08:30:15;
p|pad next|pad modifier|1
'|escape for text|delimiter|
''|single quote|literal|'
[|optional section start|
]|optional section end|

| Tables        | Are           | Cool  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered      |   $12 |

> | zebra stripes | are neat      |    $1 |

Reviewer: What is this table?

Author: Removed it.
